c:\users\saptadellpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\saptadellpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\saptadellpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\saptadellpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\saptadellpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\saptadellpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\saptadellpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\saptadellpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\saptadellpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\saptadellpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\saptadellpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\saptadellpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\saptadellpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\MailChimpService.dll.config
c:\users\saptadellpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\MailChimpService.dll
c:\users\saptadellpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\MailChimpService.pdb
c:\users\saptadellpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\saptadellpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
c:\users\saptadellpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
c:\users\saptadellpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\saptadellpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\saptadellpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Mandrill.dll
c:\users\saptadellpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
c:\users\saptadellpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\saptadellpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\saptadellpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\saptadellpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
c:\users\saptadellpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\saptadellpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\saptadellpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\saptadellpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\saptadellpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\saptadellpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\saptadellpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\saptadellpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\saptadellpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\saptadellpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\saptadellpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
c:\users\saptadellpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
c:\users\saptadellpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\saptadellpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\saptadellpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\saptadellpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\saptadellpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\saptadellpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\saptadellpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Mandrill.xml
c:\users\saptadellpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\saptadellpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\saptadellpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\saptadellpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\saptadellpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
c:\users\saptadellpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\saptadellpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\saptadellpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\saptadellpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\saptadellpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\saptadellpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
c:\users\saptadellpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\saptadellpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\saptadellpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\saptadellpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\saptadellpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\saptadellpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\saptadellpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\saptadellpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\saptadellpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\saptadellpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\obj\Debug\MailChimpService.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\saptadellpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\obj\Debug\MailChimpService.dll
c:\users\saptadellpc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\obj\Debug\MailChimpService.pdb
H:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
H:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
H:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
H:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
H:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
H:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
H:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
H:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
H:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
H:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
H:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
H:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
H:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\MailChimpService.dll.config
H:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\MailChimpService.dll
H:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\MailChimpService.pdb
H:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
H:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
H:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
H:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\EntityFramework.dll
H:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
H:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Mandrill.dll
H:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
H:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
H:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
H:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
H:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
H:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
H:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
H:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
H:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
H:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
H:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
H:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
H:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
H:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
H:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
H:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
H:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
H:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
H:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
H:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Owin.dll
H:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
H:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
H:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\WebGrease.dll
H:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Mandrill.xml
H:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
H:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
H:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
H:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
H:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
H:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\EntityFramework.xml
H:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
H:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
H:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
H:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
H:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
H:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
H:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
H:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
H:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
H:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
H:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
H:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
H:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
H:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
H:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\obj\Debug\MailChimpService.dll
H:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\obj\Debug\MailChimpService.pdb
H:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\obj\Debug\MailChimpService.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\obj\Debug\MailChimpService.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\obj\Debug\MailChimpService.dll
D:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\obj\Debug\MailChimpService.pdb
D:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
D:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
D:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
D:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
D:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
D:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
D:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
D:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
D:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
D:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
D:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\MailChimpService.dll.config
D:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\MailChimpService.dll
D:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\MailChimpService.pdb
D:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
D:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
D:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Mandrill.dll
D:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
D:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
D:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
D:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
D:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
D:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
D:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
D:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
D:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
D:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
D:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
D:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
D:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
D:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
D:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
D:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
D:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
D:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Owin.dll
D:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
D:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Mandrill.xml
D:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
D:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
D:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
D:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
D:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
D:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
D:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
D:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
D:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
D:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
D:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
D:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
D:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
D:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
D:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
D:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
D:\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\MailChimpService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
